finding [<'0'>]
finding [<'1'>]
finding [<'2'>]
finding [<'3'>]
══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY WIDGETS LIBRARY ╞═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following assertion was thrown building
RawGestureDetector-[LabeledGlobalKey<RawGestureDetectorState>#f074f](state:
RawGestureDetectorState#7bcf6(gestures: [vertical drag], behavior: opaque)):
Assertion failed:
file:///Users/huynq/Documents/GitHub/flutter_master/packages/flutter/lib/src/rendering/sliver_multi_box_adaptor.dart:261:16
child == null || indexOf(child) > index
is not true

The relevant error-causing widget was:
  CustomScrollView
  CustomScrollView:file:///Users/huynq/Documents/NEVERCODE.IO/RepoduceProjects/reproduce_issues/lib/sliver_107123.dart:42:20

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 266:49      throw_
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 29:3        assertFailed
packages/flutter/src/rendering/sliver_multi_box_adaptor.dart 261:55               [_debugVerifyChildOrder]
packages/flutter/src/rendering/sliver_multi_box_adaptor.dart 235:39               <fn>
packages/flutter/src/rendering/sliver_multi_box_adaptor.dart 236:67               set debugChildIntegrityEnabled
packages/flutter/src/widgets/sliver.dart 1371:20                                  performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/sliver.dart 1282:7                                   update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5891:32                               updateChildren
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6447:17                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/viewport.dart 237:11                                 update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4943:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4943:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5891:32                               updateChildren
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6447:17                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4943:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4943:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5891:32                               updateChildren
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6447:17                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6294:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5215:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5069:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3557:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5037:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 2667:18                               buildScope
packages/flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart 882:9                                   drawFrame
packages/flutter/src/rendering/binding.dart 378:5                                 [_handlePersistentFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1175:15                               [_invokeFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1104:9                                handleDrawFrame
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1015:5                                [_handleDrawFrame]
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 1103:13                               invoke
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 159:5                                 invokeOnDrawFrame
lib/_engine/engine/initialization.dart 195:45                                     <fn>
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 334:14  _checkAndCall
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 339:39  dcall

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════