
TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'Symbol(dartx.replaceFirst)')
packages/firebase_analytics_web/utils/exception.dart 13:31               <fn>
packages/firebase_core/src/internals.dart 33:26                          _firebaseExceptionFromCoreFirebaseError
packages/firebase_core/src/internals.dart 67:12                          _mapException
packages/firebase_core/src/internals.dart 125:7                          guardWebExceptions
packages/firebase_analytics_web/utils/exception.dart 10:20               convertWebExceptions
packages/firebase_analytics_web/firebase_analytics_web.dart 52:12        logEvent
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 84:54       runBody
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 123:5       _async
packages/firebase_analytics_web/firebase_analytics_web.dart 47:24        logEvent
packages/firebase_analytics/src/firebase_analytics.dart 103:21           logEvent
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 84:54       runBody
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 123:5       _async
packages/firebase_analytics/src/firebase_analytics.dart 73:24            logEvent
packages/firebase_analytics/src/firebase_analytics.dart 422:12           logAppOpen
packages/noa/src/data/analytics/firebase_analytics.dart 20:65            logAppOpen
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 84:54       runBody
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 123:5       _async
packages/noa/src/data/analytics/firebase_analytics.dart 20:26            logAppOpen
packages/noa/noa_app.dart 35:17                                          <fn>
packages/noa/noa_app.dart 35:17                                          <fn>
packages/provider/src/inherited_provider.dart 736:29                     get value
packages/provider/src/inherited_provider.dart 590:33                     get value
packages/provider/src/inherited_provider.dart 544:7                      build
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4865:15                      performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                       rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4846:5                       [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:5                       mount
packages/provider/src/inherited_provider.dart 411:11                     mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3850:15                      inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3579:18                      updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                      performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                       rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4846:5                       [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:5                       mount
packages/nested/nested.dart 222:11                                       mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3850:15                      inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3579:18                      updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                      performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                       rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4846:5                       [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:5                       mount
packages/nested/nested.dart 187:11                                       mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3850:15                      inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3579:18                      updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4891:16                      performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4591:5                       rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4846:5                       [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:5                       mount
packages/nested/nested.dart 222:11                                       mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3850:15                      inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3579:18                      updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart 135:18                  layoutCallback
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 2605:19                      buildScope
packages/flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart 153:5                   [_layout]
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 2246:59                       <fn>
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 1035:15                       [_enableMutationsToDirtySubtrees]
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 2246:7                        invokeLayoutCallback
packages/flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart 228:7                   rebuildIfNecessary
packages/flutter/src/widgets/layout_builder.dart 316:5                   performLayout
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 2135:7                        layout
packages/flutter/src/rendering/box.dart 2418:11                          layout
packages/flutter/src/rendering/view.dart 170:7                           performLayout
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 1973:7                        [_layoutWithoutResize]
packages/flutter/src/rendering/object.dart 999:17                        flushLayout
packages/flutter/src/rendering/binding.dart 513:19                       drawFrame
packages/flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart 884:13                         drawFrame
packages/flutter/src/rendering/binding.dart 378:5                        [_handlePersistentFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1175:15                      [_invokeFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1104:9                       handleDrawFrame
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 881:7                        <fn>
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/isolate_helper.dart 48:19  internalCallback
TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'Symbol(dartx.replaceFirst)')
packages/firebase_analytics_web/utils/exception.dart 13:31                   <fn>
packages/firebase_core/src/internals.dart 33:26                              _firebaseExceptionFromCoreFirebaseError
packages/firebase_core/src/internals.dart 67:12                              _mapException